BIRDSONG.
DUCKS QUACKING
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
CHEERING
BEEP
MAN: A new county record!
Well done. Rowan!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Whoo!
DANCE MUSIC.
LAUGHTER
CHATTER
Here's Mags. Look at this.
Maggie!
Hey!
Do you want another drink?
I shouldn't.
No. you should. you really should!
Go. go. go.
I shouldn't!
Get her down. Carrie.
before she hurts herself.
Sorry. why would I want to do that.
Aaron?
Spoil the fun. Come on! Go. Maggie!
Whoo!
It's funny! It's funny.
MAGGIE COUGHING
SHE SNIFFS
BIRDSONG
WOMAN: Maggie!
MAN: Maggie!
SPEECH INAUDIBLE
BELL TOLLS
BEEP
SHE SIGHS
CAR LOCK BEEPS
MAN: Right. shouldn't take too long.
It's... DCI Ellis?
No.
I thought you said she was here?
Four. five. six. seven. eight.
Had worse.
Sorry?
Oh. sorry. yeah. erm... DCI Ellis.
I am DS Chet Harper.
Right. Let's head up. then.
Yeah. Er...
This way. After you.
Yeah. sorry.
Er... I mean. it was 50/50.
Have you ever been up here before?
Yeah. School trip.
Although might have been
the Lake District.
Hard to tell with all the rain.
SUCKS TEETH
The Lakes. No comparison.
Best place on Earth. this.
Maybe it was. then. 50/50.
HE GRUNTS
It's all go here this morning.
We brought someone in.
Stephen Mason. the stepfather. Hmm.
OK. listen up.
Yeah. guys! Over here.
Right. good. Er... Thanks. everyone.
So. erm... this is DCI Ellis...
..who Assistant Chief Constable
Leighton has placed in charge
of the Rowan Edwards' case
and disappearance of Maggie Bradley.
I'll need to set up my office.
Your...?
Yeah. we didn't think you'd...
No-one had...
I can get that sorted for you. boss.
Viewing room. then.
Now?
MAN: Hello?
'Let's discuss the argument
you had with Rowan
'when he came to pick Maggie up
at the house that night.'
Gave the lad a telling off. is all.
Neighbour said it sounded heated.
Listen. the last time
he took her out.
she didn't get home
until three in the morning.
Did that bother you. did it?
It bothered her mum.
'Speaking of Linda.
neighbours heard you and her arguing
'after Maggie and Rowan left.
'What. that? It was...
It was nothing.
'You stormed out of the house.
I didn't storm out. I just left.'
And didn't come back
till the morning.
Like I told you.
I stay at the caravan.
At East Moor Caravan Park. right?
That's right.
Hmm.
FINGERS DRUM TABLE
You see. the problem we've got.
Stephen.
is we can't find anyone to
corroborate what you're telling us.
The manager at the site says that
you didn't check in to the office.
Well. it was late.
the office was closed.
They've got cameras at the gate.
'We checked the footage.'
Were you jealous?
Were you jealous of Rowan?
Sorry. what?
Come on.
Private school.
Got his own wheels.
Keeping Maggie out
till God knows when.
getting up to all sorts.
And she's a pretty girl.
What's that got to do with anything?
'Can't have escaped your notice.
You lived with her for three years.'
Unlock the door. I think
the boss has it under control.
Key! Now!
'Almost 18.'
Now.
'Almost a woman.'
A younger version of her mum?
Like Linda must have been
before she trotted up over the hill.
so to speak.
Mr Mason!
Mr Mason.
Stephen Mason's got a temper.
Who'd have thought it. eh?
And you are?
This is DCI Ellis. boss.
Oh? Yeah?
DCI "Lend A Helping Hand". eh?
Well. as you can see. we've got
things very much in hand here.
DCI Belmont. I'm in charge.
But you're not. Not any more.
So I need you to get me up to speed.
Your office will do nicely.
HE CHUCKLES
PHONES RING.
CHATTER
It's standard protocol.
He's a person of interest.
That's as clear as day.
Also the father of a missing girl.
The stepfather.
Of a victim of a crime.
Some might say also a victim.
CHUCKLING: Does that look like
a victim to you?
More like a man
under extreme stress.
reacting to harassment.
No.
No. you can get off
that high horse right away.
We're not the Met up here.
you know that.
As far as I'm concerned.
Stephen Mason is just the same
as anyone else.
He is a suspect with a record
and a motive
and a great fat hole in his alibi.
You could be right. and perhaps
Mr Mason knows where Maggie is.
Exactly. so with a bit of pressure.
I reckon he'll lead us
right to her body!
I wasn't aware of any evidence
pointing to Maggie's death.
She's missing.
She's not confirmed as dead.
I'm here to lead
a murder investigation
and a missing persons.
I need the good will and cooperation
of all family members.
You're here because the higher-ups
want to see us
pulling out all the stops
because that kid's mum's an ex-MP
who made her name
putting the boot into my force.
I didn't request your presence
or your advice. No-one did.
So. all this. you...
it's just shite
and shoeshine politics.
Good.
So. we all just play nice.
we make it look pretty.
Harper!
I'm driving.
We'll bring you up to speed.
Chet... keep an eye on her.
Yeah. of course.
CAR LOCK BEEPS
Er... Little Switzerland
they call it.
on account of the hills. I suppose.
BABY CRIES
Yeah. it's... It's a nice place.
but it's a pain in the arse
in the summer with all the tourists.
Well. "best place on Earth".
You do this a lot. then?
Like. take over cases?
You must have a thick skin.
I mean. you know.
police can get arsey
about people muscling in
on their patch.
Pathologist's report. Headlines.
Yep.
Rowan was struck from behind.
No defensive wounds
to hands or arms.
although his watch was smashed.
Skin discolouration. He was blue.
Yeah. must have been freezing
in the water.
Significant blunt force trauma.
Metallic fragments and particles
of rust in the wounds.
Er. some kind of tool.
either outdoors or old.
Three blows to the back
of the skull.
enough to kill him or to...
Coroner feels it's the most
plausible cause of death.
Still. not confirmed.
nor the murder weapon.
No time of death established.
Nothing pointing to anyone.
Belmont brought Stephen Mason in
on a fishing trip.
The boss feels like Mason
is our man.
He's got a criminal record.
He's a care leaver
with four months suspended
for breaking and entering in 2011
and no history of violence.
He's still lying about where he was
the night his stepdaughter
went missing.
'Is she there yet?'
Yeah. pulling in now.
'Received.'
The perimeter search showed us...?
No blood. no personal effects.
No damage to the car
or signs of struggle.
And the divers.
they have been out twice.
and nothing from the water gave...
Showed us the Audi's tracks.
No other vehicle coming or going.
Two partial footprints.
looks like wellies.
The mud in the footprints
doesn't match the soil around here.
Yeah. it's on Rowan's jeans. too.
I sent a sample to analysis.
Someone pushed the car
into the lake.
It tipped on the shelf
and settled at a 20-degree angle.
No prints or DNA
below the waterline.
Blood. all Rowan's.
on the upholstery.
And the towel. Yeah. but not much.
because it was on his...
It was over his face.
Mm-hm.
Covered his face.
Only blood at the scene is Rowan's.
But Maggie was definitely
in the car. Like. she was sick on...
Where's she going now?
Rowan and Maggie
were last seen alive at 2:30am.
leaving the school pool
after late practice.
It was more of a late-night
pool party. boss. Mm-hm?
So. Rowan smashed a record that day.
and one of his mates.
he got the keys off his dad.
the coach.
and he invited a few kids.
Their phones haven't been recovered.
but the last pings
were off the same tower.
just outside Hanmore.
Yeah. about. well. 30 minutes away.
And both phones.
they went dead an hour later.
Wild swimmer finds a car at dawn.
7:15.
The only way in or out
is that track.
unless you swim the lake.
It's a 12-minute drive down.
About a 55-minute hike
back up the road.
So. sometime around four.
Rowan was beaten unconscious
with a rusty tool.
Killer puts him in the back seat
and drives out here
to get rid of the body.
say. 5am. latest.
And so the car gets stuck and...
Killer gives up. leaves on foot
and gets to the road
before the swimmer arrives.
From initial attack
to the killer fleeing the scene.
less than two hours.
Yeah.
Not enough time.
Not enough time for what?
For Maggie.
No. Maggie...
Maggie was definitely in the car.
She was sick on the towel.
Not at the same time. she wasn't.
The towel was placed under Maggie.
probably to protect the car seat.
and over Rowan.
The blood and the sick
are on the same side.
OK. Well. what if she was driving?
A 17-year-old girl...
Yeah.
..barefoot. legless. no licence.
manages to kill her boyfriend.
then teach herself to drive a car
down that track
in the dark. without a scratch.
and then push it in the lake.
Can't see it myself.
She could have been
in the passenger seat.
or she could be an accomplice.
or she could have been brought here
against her own will.
In either case...
Good luck dragging a body
back up the road.
OK. what if
she was brought here dead?
She'd be here. and she isn't.
OK.
If she was with Rowan
when he was attacked... Yeah.
..and if she didn't do it. then...
she's most likely dead.
Killed wherever. whenever he was.
You don't dispose of one body
and keep the other.
or bring it. only to drag it
back up hill on foot.
Makes no sense and no time.
Maggie's body isn't here
cos Maggie isn't dead.
I really need a...
Pee? I...
I could do with one myself.
A place to work.
An office.
Since we're stuck in the field.
let's interview
the victims' parents.
Yeah. we... We did that already.
Louise Edwards
is gonna love another intrusion
from her "local. incapable
police force" (!)
It's before my time.
Belmont and her used to butt heads.
Hmm.
Civilians. eh?
They demand the case
gets solved pronto.
but God forbid you skip
a bit of protocol now and then.
GATE BEEPS
God forbid.
I mean.
I can be a bit of a civilian myself
when it comes to protocol
and skipping.
PHONE PINGS
KNOCKING
Thought this might interest you.
Sir.
HE SIGHS
The office. like she requested.
Ah!
Get Harper back here.
DOORBELL RINGS
DS Hooper?
It's Harper. Mr Mercer.
And this is DCI Ellis.
She is now leading
the investigation.
This is Rowan's uncle. Mr Mercer.
My deepest condolences. Mr Mercer.
I was hoping to speak to
Mr and Mrs Edwards. if they're home?
Yes. of course.
If you've pulled someone in.
we should've been first to know.
Typical of that Belmont.
Idiot.
Have you charged him yet?
All I can tell you
is a man is helping us with...
A man?
Do you think we don't know who?
I know everything that goes on
in this town.
I know all about Mason.
Just the sort to...
beat a kid to death.
I understand how incredibly hard
this is for you.
Oh. really. You do. do you?
DCI Ellis. perhaps we could
pick this up another day?
Maggie may not have another day.
Mr Mercer.
No. of course. it's just that today
has been particularly challenging
for my sister and her husband.
You've taken over from Belmont?
I have. yes. Mrs Edwards.
So. what do you want from us?
I want... to know about Rowan.
To hear from the people
who knew him. who loved him.
Louise. you've already gone over
every single detail.
I want to discuss my son...
in as much detail
and for as long as it takes.
Thank you. DCI Ellis.
What do you want to know?
It would be helpful. Mrs Edwards.
to hear from you how Rowan was
in the days leading up to his death.
He seemed completely fine.
If he was preoccupied in any way.
GASPING SCOFF
Teenagers can be... complicated.
Jesus Christ!
You want to know how our son was?
Who he was?
He was a kid.
A bright. beautiful kid.
Not complicated. not preoccupied.
Not a care in the world
until that bastard killed him!
HE SOBS
I loved to watch him swim.
I'd wonder how Michael and I
produced something so... graceful.
I apologise for my husband.
Men don't cope as well as we do.
do they?
Don't have to. I suppose.
I don't know what coping looks like
under the circumstances.
Rowan's team-mates.
The A-Squad.
His friends.
Family. really.
Swimming was his life.
so I suppose they were. too.
Oh. that's Amy. my brother's girl.
Rowan's cousin.
They grew up together.
the two of them.
Inseparable.
She's...
She's in pieces.
Thank you.
My brother took care of Rowan -
all of us. really -
while I was in office.
None of which seems worth
a single second spent away from...
..my boy.
Maggie's not in this photo.
Maggie wasn't a swimmer.
She wasn't at Meredale.
It's private. and her family...
I've no idea where they met.
Teenagers...
one minute. you're sewing
name labels on their clothes.
next. they're...
Nice enough girl.
But Rowan was off to university
in October.
It was never going to last.
so we didn't exactly...
invest. and...
Durham. to study politics.
Yes!
Ha!
He never listened to me.
Why did Stephen Mason kill my son?
I never said he did. Mrs Edwards.
But you've arrested him.
and he's got history.
I didn't. and there's no history
that I'm aware of.
I see.
Are you finished?
Erm...
I need to... check on Michael.
and let my brother get back to Amy.
Peter Pan. the green man.
Wind farmer and keeper of the gates
when Louise Edwards was an MP.
PHONE RINGS
Ooh.
Er... DS Harper.
Yeah. OK. we're on our way.
They've found something on Mason.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
DCI Ellis.
So glad you could join us.
Our resident techy. Miss Trent.
has pulled these from Mason's phone.
Mason still look like a victim. eh?
This is DCI Ellis.
She is the officer in charge
of this investigation.
What. this your new strategy. then?
She here to make me feel all cosy?
She's here to find Maggie. Mr Mason.
Let's take a look at these.
shall we?
These were on your phone.
41 images in total. all Maggie.
Seriously?
You two arrest me
on suspicion of murdering two kids
and all you've got to hold me on
is... is this?
You bunch of...
I didn't take them. Linda did.
Yeah?
Maggie and Linda saw some bloody
programme about teenage models.
wanted pics to send to an agency.
So. for the record. these pictures
were taken by your partner.
Linda Bradley.
on your phone because...
Well. my phone's got
a better camera.
It's a bit dodgy. isn't it. Mason?
Grown man walking around with photos
of some teenage girl on his phone?
No. because Maggie
isn't just some teenage girl.
Maggie's my stepdaughter.
I'd never do anything to hurt her.
But you are hurting her. Mr Mason.
Right now. you. me. all of us here.
should be out there.
combing those hills in the rain.
trying to find Maggie.
Instead of which. because of you.
we're all in this poxy room.
trying to work out
exactly why you're lying
about spending the night
in a caravan park
while your stepdaughter went missing
and her boyfriend
was brutally murdered.
So. in answer to your question.
Mr Mason.
I'm not here
to make you feel all cosy.
I'm here to find Maggie!
Rowan's killer. yeah.
but most of all. Maggie.
because Maggie is the one
we can save.
But I can't do that until I find out
why the hell you're lying!
Oh. bleeding heck. missus. Hardcore.
I was at the caravan.
FINGERS DRUM TABLE
Don't know what more you want.
Like I said. I want to find out
why he's lying.
Because he killed Rowan Edwards!
Maggie. too. most likely.
"Maggie isn't some teenage girl."
Present tense.
"Maggie's my stepdaughter."
In Mason's head.
Maggie's still alive.
So let's keep her that way.
One more thing I want. Trent!
A list of every reported crime
in or around Hanmore. the night of.
Small stuff - break-ins. car thefts.
DRILL WHIRRING
POLICE RADIO CHATTER
That one.
Er... That's Linda Bradley.
No. I mean him.
What. him? He's not on our radar.
He should be.
Where's Stephen? I need him here!
Mrs Bradley. this is DCI Ellis.
Was it you arrested my Stephen?
Stephen's down at the station.
helping out.
Yeah. I'd have thought
you'd know better.
Hey. love. The Watsons. they're...
they're not coming out tomorrow.
You did that! You did!
Ever since Stephen got arrested.
half the volunteers.
they've gone home.
Who's gonna come out tomorrow?
Who's gonna look for Maggie now?!
You must be freezing.
Why don't we all go in
and have some tea. yeah?
I took them. just like he said.
You're holding Stephen over that?
Thought you'd caught him
messing about with Maggie?
You're sick.
We wouldn't be doing our jobs.
Mrs Bradley. if we didn't pursue it.
Well. you can bloody well stop
pursuing it. cos I know Stephen.
and he's not that man.
I don't think any mum thinks
that their man is that man.
You got kids?
A daughter.
You keep her safe?
I try to.
Because that's what mums do.
first. foremost. always.
Protect our kids.
The slightest chance
that I thought Stephen
could lay a finger on my girls.
he would be out.
and I would be the first one
to call the police.
I believe you.
But I don't believe him
cos I know he's lying.
Mr Mason told us that he went out
after you had a disagreement
over Rowan.
Well. it weren't about Rowan.
He's a good kid.
Was.
And I feel sorry for the family.
the Edwards.
but... you know the sort.
Money. the big house.
They're used
to getting what they want.
and they don't want their son
with the likes of us.
Did you...? Did you worry
that Rowan might hurt Maggie?
That he might break her heart?
Never.
But Stephen...
..he expects the worst.
Cos of how he was raised.
Care homes and...
"Life's a shit sandwich. Maggie.
Get used to it."
Linda. Mr Mason told you that
he went to the caravan that night.
But he didn't. We checked.
Yeah. but how he was raised
is why he would never do anything
to hurt this family.
We're all he's got.
and he wouldn't risk losing us.
Look. if you're done.
I've got a really early start.
TILL BEEPS
If anyone shows up. that is.
Thanks for the tea.
Mm-hm.
Rain... home.
So. what can I get you. boss?
Like I said. a list of everything
called in on the night.
Right. yeah. Erm...
Trent sent something over.
Mm-hm?
Erm...
'Twas a typical Saturday night.
A farmer called about a trespass
in Cranbriar.
Erm... Breaking and entering's.
A taxi was broken into
on Church Street.
Send me the CCTV of that.
That's what happens
when you skip protocol.
A shit sandwich.
Anything else. boss?
The sister. Rain.
She wasn't at the party.
She was at home with her mum.
OK.
So go on. tell us.
About what?
About your daughter?
Name? Age?
Tell me about him tomorrow.
SHE MOUTHS.
PHONE RINGS
Ma'am?
'If it seems like I'm checking up
on you.
'that's because I am checking.'
I only got here this morning!
'On you. Ells. not the case.'
I'm good.
Wondering why
I've been parachuted in.
'They wanted the best.'
It needs some delicate handling
with the media interest.
Belmont's a dickhead.
'I don't disagree.'
I wish I could say
he's one of a kind.
but he's anything but.
CHATTER OUTSIDE
'Oh. he's one of a herd. is Belmont.
'A herd of bullocks
in a China shop.'
I'm sure you didn't just describe
a fellow officer
as "bollocks".
Assistant Chief Commissioner.
'I most certainly did not.
DCI Ellis.'
GIRL: Please. I can't do this now.
'Look. Ell. bullock or not.
'it's his China shop. and he's gonna
defend it any way he can.'
Yeah. I get it. Best behaviour.
'Not what I'm saying.
'Look. we're grateful for you
stepping in.
'But coming off gardening leave.
you'd be forgiven for being keen.
'You think Maggie's alive.'
Yeah... I do.
She's alive.
Gardening leave. we're calling it?
'Politics aside. I felt this job
would be good for you.
'And there's no-one better
to bring her home.'
Ah!
'Get some sleep. Be in touch soon.'
Mm-hm.
DISCONNECTING BEEPS
BEEP
PHONE PINGS
Oh.
Damn.
PHONE RINGS
Hello?
DS HARPER: 'I'm still downstairs.
'I just wondered if you fancied
grabbing a drink.
'You know. bit of bonding.'
I'm working!
Right. Course. Maybe another...
Rain.
Christ.
I can't take any more of this.
First Stephen. now you!
Tell us what's going on
in this video. Rain.
You don't know what it's like. Mum.
When I go out.
people staring. whispering.
Can't stay in the house
all the time. I'd go nuts.
So you go out
when the streets are quiet.
This wasn't the first time.
What's in the shopping bags. Rain?
Nothing. Stuff from home.
Crisps. chocolates.
What? You're the one
who's always telling me to eat more!
And is there somewhere special
that you like to go. Rain?
To... To be alone?
Nowhere.
The park.
I sit on the swings or the benches.
OK. Well. your phone can verify
your exact location.
What? No. Mum. I need it!
CAR LOCK BEEPS
Tell me about our friendly
neighbourhood barkeep.
So. name. Charles Braine.
Known as Carlos to his friends.
How'd you know that?
Oh. forget it.
Er... Full-time at the pub.
No priors.
Working late the night of
and got a cab home.
Sounds squeaky?
Man in his 30s.
nicknamed Carlos to his friends.
all of whom appear to be under 18.
Squeaky (!)
Ah. So you knew he's a dealer.
Unless Carlos has a reliable supply
of something else that kids want.
What I do know is that dealers
get to know their customers
a lot better
than their parents ever do.
PHONE RINGS
I'm on it. Sarge.
Yeah. I'd like to bring in
a person of interest.
So. who's next?
Yes. Rowan is a devastating loss
to the team. to. erm...
Coaching is
a pretty intimate relationship.
Maybe you knew a side to Rowan
his parents didn't.
Mm.
I knew he had it.
Knew it as soon as I saw him swim.
Besides that.
I knew he made a great team captain.
Never late for practice.
I'm sorry.
WHISTLE BLOWS
Aaron!
Sort out that arm recovery!
How many times
do I have to tell you?
Look. all I'm interested in
is if a swimmer has grit... or not.
I mean. obviously.
the team are a little upset.
But I'm a firm believer
in pushing through adversity.
Yeah? It's like I said.
it's a question of grit.
Er... When did you last see Rowan?
At the meet.
Yeah. Saturday afternoon.
Rowan swept the boards.
So I hear.
Followed by
some well-deserved celebrations.
Aaron committed
a complete breach of...
Trust me. I'm dealing with that.
mm-hm?
Look at this. Hopeless.
Their hearts aren't in it.
WHISTLE BLOWS
Right. that's it. everybody. out!
Now!
Sorry.
I've been hearing from the adults
who were close to Rowan and Maggie.
Now I want to hear
from their friends.
It was your last local derby
on the school team.
All of you off to uni.
Yeah. definitely calls for a party.
We all know that's on me. yeah?
So. what more do you want?
To know why one of your friends
is dead and another is missing.
Look. to be honest.
that night was a bit of a blur.
Though. I wasn't out of it
like Maggie.
I mean. no-one was.
I guess some people
just can't hold their drink.
That's why we took your phones.
However out of it you got.
TikTok. Insta.
the Cloud never forgets.
Yeah. Trent is cutting together
some footage as we speak. boss.
So. Maggie...
not in your school.
not on your team. not your friend.
We've been out searching
and everything. in the cold and wet.
Obviously. we're gutted!
But at the end of the day.
Rowan's the one who's dead.
OK? Maggie was just... you know.
Rowan's latest girlfriend.
You just can't help yourself.
can you?
Rowan wasn't yours. yeah?
Wasn't any of ours. not even...
After Rowan and Maggie left...?
Amy dropped me home.
She doesn't drink.
but she's called in sick today.
Understandable. Rowan's her cousin.
I... made everyone leave.
cleared up and was out by 3:30.
Alone. I walked.
I don't drink and drive.
And...
..I never saw them again.
I think this is probably
the worst thing
that will ever happen to you.
And what's gonna get you through it
is each other.
WOMAN CLEARS THROAT
Like cats and dogs. those two.
Bloody hell. Teenagers.
That's how they get
when they've got something to hide.
So. what's the best way
to get inside these kids' heads?
Their phones.
Hmm.
There's Carrie Booth.
And Amy Mercer.
I took her statement. Nice girl.
Rowan and Maggie.
Oh. bloody hell! Carrie was right.
She can barely stand up.
Where's she off to?
Amy was with Rowan and Maggie?
And she's back.
That's a 20-minute gap.
Twenty minutes when Amy
was with Rowan and Maggie.
talking. probably finding out
where they were going.
Twenty minutes that
she didn't mention in her statement.
I was helping Rowan put Maggie
in the back seat.
She was sparko.
He said he needed to get her home.
Amy. you know Rowan.
You'd know if things were off
between him and... Maggie?
They seemed good.
Or with the rest of the swim team.
if there was any friction.
Carrie used to go out with Rowan.
So. Carrie. she resented Maggie?
That's not what Amy said.
She acted like she wasn't bothered.
but everyone knew
she still liked him.
Some low-level drama. then.
Always a bit of that at parties.
Yeah. like...
..Aaron and Maggie had a little bit
of a row early on.
but I don't even know
what that was about.
Kids' stuff.
Exactly.
So. Rowan and Maggie left.
and you went back into the party?
Yeah. I promised Carrie a lift home.
I was in bed. obviously.
But. erm... I did hear Amy come in
around 3:30.
Yeah. nearly done. Amy.
Erm... So you were putting Maggie
into the back seat.
and sounds like she was too drunk
to say anything.
What about Rowan?
I was only with him a few minutes.
So... 20 minutes to put a drunk girl
into the back of a car. no chat?
Nicely done on the footage. Trent.
I need you to pull up
a complete timeline
of Rowan's week
before he was killed.
Bank statements. texts. snaps. DMs.
Amy's. Carrie's and Aaron's too.
Let's see if there's any backstory
to this row.
Yeah. cousin. ex-girlfriends.
team rival.
Yeah. I'd like a hard copy of that.
please. Trent.
Fine.
I'll just go cut down a tree (!)
They're all hiding something. boss.
It's like you said.
at each other's throats.
I don't...
I don't read well off screens.
Right.
So. Aaron and Maggie. a row?
I need to get back to class!
Listen. now...
Please. I won't say anything!
Ow!
You hear me?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Let go of me!
Charles Braine. step back!
Move now! Move!
Everything OK. Carrie?
Yeah. I'm fine.
You sure? Yeah.
There's nothing going on. I'm fine.
She's a bit young for you.
isn't she. Charlie?
What's your problem. Harper?
You heard her. just a friendly chat.
I... I just want a friendly chat
down the station.
Mr Braine.
We know where she is.
All right. Starsky.
Rowan and Maggie
weren't in that night.
and I took a minicab home.
Easily checked.
Surprised
you haven't done so already.
So. Carrie Booth and you were having
a chat at her school about...?
Nothing.
I work at the only bar in town.
Little girls like her.
they drive my girlfriend nuts.
I was just telling her to back off.
You are popular with the youth.
Can't imagine why.
It's a barman's job to be popular.
It pays to be nice.
I saw you on the search party.
Rowan and Maggie were regulars.
Good kids.
I was happy to help.
So. you'll be happy to help
by allowing us to search your home?
Knock yourselves out.
21:14. DCI Ellis and DS Harper
pausing the interview.
OFFICER 1: It has been recorded?
OFFICER 2: Yeah. yeah.
Ninety-three hours.
TRENT: Carlos' flat is clean.
Minicab checks out.
Girlfriend greeted him at the door.
It's a solid alibi.
Ah. shit.
Sorry. Boss.
BELMONT: Oh. dear.
Nothing to hold him on?
Please.
Why did you tell the Edwards
we should release Mason
from custody?
I didn't.
KNOCKING
Come in.
Sorry. boss... and boss.
Soil analysis. as requested.
Mm-hm.
High peat content. grass seeds.
Lab reckons it's from some place
called Lower Moor.
We need to search properties here.
Remote locations. any with...
Lower Moor?
That's over 100 square miles.
We don't have the bodies for that.
You'd need volunteers.
You would need...
Cooperation from
all the families involved.
like Linda Bradley had.
until you arrested Mr Mason
in front of the entire search party.
And you've nothing to hold him on.
PHONE RINGS
The farmer who called in
a trespasser the night of.
get me that again.
Yeah. thanks for getting back to me.
I need to ask you a favour.
CAMERA CLICKING
'If your car becomes submerged.
you must remember to stay calm.
'and that reaction time
is key to survival.
'Reaction time to deep water
is essential.
'You will have less
than 30 seconds.'
SLOW TICKING
James! Rowan's watch.
Cheers.
RAPID TICKING
She's full-on.
you gotta give her that.
Brain like a Ferrari. Look.
Yeah. but she's all about the case.
You know. I tried to buy her a drink
the other night. break the ice.
and she was...
I said. look. Chet.
Rain Bradley. north of the park.
on Church Street.
travelling away from home.
You going to tell her. or should I?
Nice one.
PHONE RINGS
Brian... Yeah. sorry. look.
I know it's late.
I need you to run your eye
over a pathology report.
Something isn't right.
KNOCKING
Mm-hm. Yeah. sending it now.
I think we have something.
Park is here. Rain Bradley is here.
Heading north.
On Church Street.
St Alma's Church.
OWL HOOTS
CAR LOCK BEEPS
DOOR CREAKS AND SHUTS
SQUEAKING
DEEP EXHALE
GIRL GRUNTS AND MOANS
Help!
TYRES SQUEAL
SIREN BLASTS
Search this place
from top to bottom.
I want every item tested for DNA.
Boss. they found her.
They found Maggie!
O2 levels are 84.
We need to get a line in.
SIREN WAILS
MEDIC: If you could just go
and make sure you've taken bloods.
We've got vomit...
Have you taken bloods?
MEDICS CHATTER
SHE GASPS
Urgent request for a CT scan.
Maggie. love?
Maggie.
I'm here now.
I'm here with DCI Ellis.
Mum?
Hi. Maggie.
I was really hoping
that we could talk.
if you can manage that.
That's great.
A lot of people have been looking
for you. Maggie.
Looking for me?
You've been missing for five days.
The last time anyone saw you.
you were with Rowan.
Rowan?
That's right. The pool party.
You left with Rowan.
SHE GRUNTS
Where is he?
Rowan isn't here.
but we really want to know
where you've been.
what you remember.
UNCERTAINLY: I was at home.
No. pet. You didn't go home.
Rowan took me there.
Not home. Maggie. somewhere else.
Where did he take you?
Maggie?
Maggie!
MACHINE BEEPING
OVER PA: 'Dr Wilson.
you're needed in A&E.
'That's Dr Wilson to A&E. please.'
SHE SIGHS
Phone records for Harper.
I've sent yours by email.
Thanks.
I didn't mention St Alma's.
I thought I'd give them a moment.
Did you get anything from Maggie?
She doesn't know Rowan's dead.
The head injury.
Or all the drugs in her system.
The doctor showed me the tox report.
It was quite a cocktail.
And restraining injuries
on her wrists? Yeah. I saw those.
Thanks for the coffee.
I'm gonna need it.
Someone from the station
will contact you very soon.
But you have my number.
Yeah. All right.
How's Maggie?
In surgery.
Be hours
before we can talk to her again.
Yeah. he's... He's pretty shaken up.
Says she just ran out
in front of him.
She was running AWAY
from the village.
Full perimeter search.
Yes. ma'am.
Footprints. witnesses.
Any properties. especially
abandoned areas. Understood.
Rowan and Amy texted each other
more than anyone else that week.
Yeah.
Check Rowan's bank statement
for last Wednesday.
Erm...
£43. Felmark Service Station... So?
No-one mentioned
he was taking a road trip.
Get Trent to check out ANPR.
PHONE RINGS
Belmont... wanting his daily dirt.
What's there to report?
It's not like you tell me anything.
Cos there's no need to...
Look. boss.
I don't need your life story.
just basics. where you live. family.
how... how do you like your coffee?
PHONE RINGS
Yes! Hello.
OK. We're on our way.
That was Mercer. Says it's urgent.
Amy.
Maggie was...
Spiked.
That's why she was so out of it.
When... When you say spiked. you...
Somebody put something in her drink.
Some... Something? What?
Special K. I think.
Ketamine.
And when you say somebody...
Carrie Booth.
Just to clarify.
Amy didn't know about any of this
until three days later
when Carrie told her.
Obviously. if she'd been aware of it
at the time.
she would've made sure
that Maggie sought medical help.
I think Carrie just wanted
to show Maggie up.
She always said that Maggie
wasn't good enough for him.
But Rowan didn't know about this?
God. no. He'd have been furious.
That's a lie!
Ridiculous. Why would I do that?
Because Rowan dumped you for Maggie.
Spiked her drink?
Aaron.
Of course not! Believe me.
if Carrie had told me that.
I'd have...
Look. I told you.
I don't do drugs. yeah?
So. no.
Just come and sit down.
Please. Aaron. sit down.
Sorry. this is totally Amy. right?
What. she say I was so hung up on
Rowan that I drugged his girlfriend?
Oh. my God. It's just so Amy.
I mean. she's the one
who was jealous. Bitch.
She was terrified Maggie was gonna
bust up
their creepy little cousin vibe.
Amy mentioned that you and Maggie
had a row that night.
What was it about?
Who knows? I said something.
she said something.
one of us wound the other up.
Same as always.
Right. so you're not friends
with Carrie.
and you're not friends with Maggie?
And your phone records.
they back that up.
But you and. er... Rowan.
you spoke a lot.
Yeah.
Rowan was my best friend.
Carrie. you spiked Maggie Bradley!
Look. it's not like it was some...
big plan or anything.
I just...
You know. it was more
of a spur-of-the-moment thing. Oh?
You just happened to have some Ket
on you. so you improvised?
Come on. Carrie.
We know Carlos is your dealer.
What. no. I never said that!
I never mentioned Carlos!
That's what you were doing yesterday
by the school
and outside the pub
the night before.
You were begging him
not to tell anyone.
Hey.
I know this must be hard on you.
You reckon?
Since nursery. all through school...
..swim practice every bloody day.
I mean. I could only stand it
cos we were together.
Yeah. he was my best friend. but...
But?
But I wasn't his.
You know what I mean?
Not really. no.
Well. he didn't need me.
Probably because
he would confide in Maggie.
and that's why you don't like her?
Maggie?
Look. it's great you found her.
obviously. but...
Obviously.
Yeah. yeah. But no.
I don't like her.
And Rowan didn't confide much
in Maggie either. to be honest.
Rowan?
Yeah.
It... Amy...
She was the one.
They told each other everything.
they didn't need anyone else.
Family. eh?
Can't compete with that. can you?
Aaron! DS Harper.
I trust my Aaron
isn't giving you any trouble.
Er. no. we were...
just talking about Rowan.
Oh. right.
Well. if you need
to chat to my son again.
please feel free to make a formal
approach through our solicitor.
OK?
OK.
And thanks. Aaron.
There is one thing
you could do to help us. Carrie.
Might help you. too.
He keeps his drugs
down in the cellar...
..in The Stonedale Inn.
Charge her. find Carlos
and raid The Stonedale.
PHONE RINGS
Andy?
Yeah. thanks for coming back to me.
What have you got? Who is she?
That Carrie Booth's
a blooming angel.
Who maliciously administered poison
with intent to inflict
grievous bodily harm.
She's not our killer.
She can't drive.
Carlos' stash is the biggest haul
we've had around here for 15 years.
But no Carlos.
Carlos' girlfriend called.
said he went out last night.
and he didn't come home.
We've got an alert out on his car.
Erm. that Aaron is a strange kid.
boss.
And his dad.
you know what he's like.
he turned up before I could
get anything out of him.
He corroborated the phone records.
and the person that Rowan
was closest to was... Amy Mercer.
I've had enough of this shit!
Is this a murder investigation
or a fucking teen movie?
The only one
we should be interested in is Rain.
So go and pick 'em up and find out
what they/them were doing
to they/their sister
in that/there church.
Forensics haven't given us a link
between Maggie and St Alma's church.
So unless you want to accuse
another member of that family
without any physical evidence...
Forensics.
An inventory of everything found
in the vestry.
Pictures and initial DNA.
Sending it over. boss.
Thank you. Trent.
Yeah. Thank you. Trent (!)
Now. why don't you scoot off home
and get some beauty sleep.
You look like you need it.
Is it Rowan's?
It was found wrapped in a shopping
bag and stuffed behind a radiator.
DNA all over it - his and Maggie's.
Look at this.
We found this at St Alma's.
We know Rowan wrapped his hoodie
round Maggie
the night she went missing.
OK. but... that's not Rowan's.
Forensics says it is.
What?
It can't be. it...
I think you go to the church
to be with someone.
Rain? Why were you there?
Who do you meet there? Rain!
God.
It must have been him.
Must have been Aaron.
I know what my dad said.
I'm 18. and I can decide.
I don't want a solicitor.
Last time we spoke. Aaron.
you told me you went home
after the pool party.
But Rain Bradley says you met her
at St Alma's Church that night.
that you two have been meeting there
for months now.
and that you're more than friends.
That's a hard secret to keep.
A lot harder now
it's out. though. right?
Have you met my dad?
Yeah?
Mr Grit?
All he cares about is...
swimming and competing.
I mean. I wasn't even his favourite
on the squad.
That'd be Rowan.
Always the best. Rowan.
If my dad knew I was...
well. you know. about this...
No need to explain that to me.
Aaron.
I only need you to explain this.
Rain swears she didn't bring it
to the church.
Says it could only have been you.
We know Maggie was wearing this
when she disappeared so...
until we can speak to her.
we have to assume
that whoever had this
was in contact with Maggie.
Well. you'd be assuming wrong. then.
It wasn't on Maggie.
Not when I found it.
Look. a bunch of us met at school
before the search. yeah.
And it was just lying there.
So I picked it up.
But you knew Maggie was wearing it.
Aaron!
Yeah. it's Rowan's.
The hoodie is Rowan's.
The string's missing
from the collar.
that's how I knew it was his.
But. yes.
yes. I took her to the church.
I keep stuff there. private stuff.
And why would you keep that from us?
Because I wanted to have something
of Rowan's. something just for me...
..to remember him.
He was my friend.
HARPER SIGHS
The night that you and Maggie
had the row.
it was about you and Rain?
Yeah.
She told me to leave her alone.
But... she didn't understand.
Rain's the one person who gets me.
Me and her.
I can tell her anything.
Bingo!
Soil analysis turned up trumps.
Links the mud on Rowan
to Mason's trainers.
We got him bang to rights
in my book.
Hmm.
The incident list from that Saturday
night. get me that again. Yep.
There you go.
Are you still on that?
Still doing my job. yeah.
Hmm.
It's just. you know... We wanted
physical evidence against Mason.
We've got it.
He wasn't at the caravan.
He was at the same place as Rowan
before he died.
That soil could have come from
anywhere in a hundred square miles.
Belmont said so himself.
This is a lab soil analysis
linking mud on your shoes
to the mud
on Rowan Edward's clothing.
What do you know about funk music?
I'm more of a yacht-rock guy myself.
Seriously?
James Brown...
might have been Prince. whatever.
used to say.
"The funk isn't in the notes. it's
in the space between the notes."
Right. Yeah?
Sorry. erm... I... I don't follow.
It's the same with a case.
It's not the physical evidence
that makes a story.
It's the people in between
and the things that join
those people together.
Hate. love. fear.
Look. all I know is
you can place Mason with Rowan.
And Rowan is dead.
Mm-hm.
And that his step-daughter.
she was held and drugged.
for nearly a week. boss.
Mm-hm.
So. what if...?
What if he knew
about Rain's hiding place?
And if forensics.
they can connect him... If!
Well. if he were somewhere else.
then why wouldn't he tell us?
Ah...
Love and fear...
..it's all he's got.
If you really loved her.
you'd have told us the truth.
Cranbriar. What the bloody hell
are you talking about?
Mr Mason had soil traces
on his trainers
that match those on Rowan's jeans.
Exactly. so...
Soil from Lower Moor.
A hundred square mile radius.
you said so.
But forensics also points
to substantial quantities
of agricultural diesel and nitrate
fertiliser on Mr Mason's shoes.
So what?
Mr Mason doesn't live
anywhere near a farm.
Lower Moor... A farmer called in
about a trespasser.
Someone trying to steal machinery.
Cranbriar.
You were committing a crime
that night. Mr Mason.
But it wasn't murder.
Love. Fear.
You stupid...
The time we've wasted on this!
On you!
All you had to do was tell us!
How could I?
If... If Linda knew I was back
lifting again. she'd throw me out.
And I love her.
I can't lose them.
Talk to me about Carlos. Anything.
He's done a bunk.
Must have caught wind somehow.
We'll find him.
Put more uniforms on it.
But we got a hit on the ANPR.
Rowan's car was clocked in the
northwest on the 14th of February.
Somebody with him... looks female.
Who? Maggie?
Can't tell.
Good news. Maggie's out of surgery.
Just finding her a bed on the ward.
I need to be there.
the minute she's ready to talk.
Boss wants a word.
Something up. sir?
What's your rush?
Oh.
She's really got the whip hand
on you. hasn't she?
No. we're just...
fresh out of suspects
and... you know.
still got some digging to do.
Well...
I did a bit of digging myself
on our DCI Ellis.
Careful where you pin your colours.
Chet.
Word is. last case she led.
our Ellis...
..went AWOL.
Left her team in a right shiteshow.
What do you reckon? Some...
..kind of breakdown?
I reckon. erm...
Fuck off. Jim.
It's good to see you again. Maggie.
We were hoping
you could help us work out
where you've been all this time.
Now. we were thinking St Alma's.
but... No.
No. I've never been.
I don't know why I'd be there.
I can't remember...
Anything?
A face. a voice. a sound.
Sometimes it's the small things.
There was something.
It was like...
up above. there was this droning.
It just went on
and on and on and on.
Just. it never stopped.
Tell me about your trip
to the coast with Rowan.
No. I never went.
You stopped at the services...
three days before the pool party.
There was one day...
Rowan. he wasn't replying
to any of his texts
and then...
when he came back he said...
..he didn't want to talk about it.
He just said he had something
to take care of?
Where is Rowan?
Why hasn't he come to visit me yet?
I'm so sorry.
I need the details on those
card payments in the morning.
OK. but. listen. Belmont
has been doing some digging and...
LINE BEEPING
PHONE CHIMES
APP: 'You must remember to stay calm
'and that reaction time
is key to survival.
'You must respond
as quickly as possible.
'Do not attempt...'
PHONE CHIMES
Yeah. anything you've got
would help. Brian.
Yeah. the watch stopped at 6:32am.
that's right.
And you're saying
that's consistent with...
But there's no water in his lungs.
Three hours. Brian.
You'd better be sure.
Morning. boss. I checked out Rowan's
bank statements like you said.
There's the petrol station. a cafe.
Er. Clifftop.
which is a gift shop or the like.
Er. the next one is a payment
on a parking app. Where?
Er. location says Parr Street.
Parr Street. Trent.
Maggie. that day that Rowan said
he had something to take care of.
there was a girl in the car.
We can talk about this
with Mum and Dad outside.
You might as well sit down.
I'm not gonna say anything different
if you're out of the room.
Maggie...
..we are so glad you're alive.
Did you think we'd care if you...
even if you had had...
An abortion?
But I didn't. OK?
Me and Rowan. we... didn't even...
SHE EXHALES
No. he wasn't about all of that.
No.
He cared about me.
He was different.
Well. you never thought so.
you just thought he was a posh boy.
"When we're ready. Maggie. we'll
both know." that's what he said.
Maggie. if it wasn't you...
So. what she's saying... it's a lie.
WINDMILLS WHIRRING
My dad's not here.
That's all right.
It's you that I wanted to talk to.
find out how you're feeling.
If you're doing OK. Amy.
I'm fine. How are you?
Yeah. I'm still trying to find out
what happened to Maggie...
..and Rowan...
..after he took you to the coast.
I know you and Rowan went there.
And I think I know why you went.
It's not easy...
..choosing not to have a baby.
Difficult for you...
..and Rowan.
How long?
Amy...
I'm so sorry. How long?
Oh. baby girl.
AMY CRIES
Since just before my mum died.
I'm so sorry.
No.
No! No. don't go in there!
Jesus.
Amy! No!
Harper! Chet! Mate. wake up.
Possible sighting of Carlos' car
heading towards Winnet's Pass.
Right. who called it?
Joe Public.
Yeah. I'm going to bed.
Seriously. Trent. I need to sleep!
CAR HORN HONKS
Move!
Two percent? Shit.
PHONE DIALS
Oh. God. Come on.
Fuck.
ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
Daddy! No!
Please. Daddy. no. not again!
DOOR OPENS
There you are.
Where's Amy?
You think I'd hurt Amy?
Everything I've ever done
is to protect her!
I know about Amy's trip
to the coast with Rowan.
I know how close they were.
Inseparable.
It troubled me. I don't deny that.
And I was right.
She's pregnant.
A shock for any father.
I told Amy
she wasn't to see Rowan again.
but that made him angry.
He drove up here to attack me.
A much younger man... fitter.
No.
All I ever wanted
was to protect Amy.
But when it came to it...
..she protected me.
Amy... she...
..she saved my life.
She. er... She picked up a spade.
Hit him three times.
Afterwards she was hysterical.
She wanted to go to the police.
But I promised my wife I'd always
look after our little girl.
And so I told Amy I'd deal with it.
But when you got to the car.
there she was on the back seat.
Maggie... she slept through it all.
So. you put Maggie in here and drove
Rowan to the lake. to protect Amy.
Exactly.
But. of course...
I couldn't be sure
what she had seen. so. erm...
..well. we had to keep her quiet.
And Amy knew Carlos had Ketamine.
Well. that was your fault.
You made him nervous.
all your questioning.
He came up here. threatening us.
I did what I had to.
I protected my daughter.
Got him high on his own supply.
you might say.
Oh. come on. it's not
as if he's an innocent! Maggie is.
Innocent. Maggie's a child.
Maggie had no idea
what was going on.
I made certain of that. Until
you released her onto a main road.
You could have killed her.
Just like you did Rowan.
You're not...
You're not listening.
I told you. I didn't kill Rowan.
Amy did.
Of course.
And if that had been the case.
Amy could have pled self-defence.
Protecting a loved one.
Except that's not what happened.
Amy didn't kill Rowan.
You did.
HE GRUNTS
You hit him.
you put him in the car
and covered his face...
because you couldn't bear to see
the face of your sister's child.
The child who knew what you'd done.
been doing to Amy for years
until you made her pregnant!
Tough kid.
He was still alive.
He held on for three more hours.
Until you pushed his car
into the lake.
He suffocated!
The plastic bag
he'd put Maggie's shoes in.
sealed around his face by the weight
of the water you put him in.
You killed him. Mr Mercer.
SHE GASPS
Come on.
I see.
Well. that does rather
change things. doesn't it?
But not in your favour. You'll
be inside for a long. long time.
And you can't protect Amy
from a prison cell.
# On the cover of a magazine!
# I'm a bad. bad. man... #
PHONE BEEPS
SPADE SCRAPES
Argh!
DOOR SLAMS
CAR HORN HONKS
TYRES SCREECH
Oh. jeez.
WOMAN: 'Good work. Ellis.
DCI Belmont's loving the limelight.'
He's all over the press briefings.
But the top brass know who to thank.
We thought
we might call on you again.
Not a regular position as such. more
like emergency-emergency services.
Huh!
Admit it. Ells.
Good to be back?
No! Parachuted in like
the Wicked Witch of the West.
Starting from scratch.
no team. no support.
No support? Really?
Hey. I think he burned his bridges
when he told Belmont to fuck off.
Yeah. "fuck off" usually does that.
So. I find myself in the market
for a new job.
Er. there's a position here
as a new barman.
So. yeah. erm.
what can I get you to drink?
Is it another coffee... boss?
Black. one sugar.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm